[Observer] Enable REST API on observers (#4499)
onflow/flow-go: engine/access/rest/README.md

## Packages

- `rest`: The HTTP handlers for the server generator and the select filter, implementation of handling local requests.
- `middleware`: The common [middlewares](https://github.com/gorilla/mux#middleware) that all request pass through.
- `models`: The generated models using openapi generators and implementation of model builders.
- `request`: Implementation of API requests that provide validation for input data and build request models.
- `routes`: The common HTTP handlers for all the requests, tests for each request.

> - `apiproxy`: Implementation of proxy backend handler which includes the local backend and forwards the methods which 
> can't be handled locally to an upstream using gRPC API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `apiproxy`: Implementation of proxy backend handler which includes the local backend and forwards the methods which 
can't be handled locally to an upstream using gRPC API. This is used by observers that don't have all data in their local db.
```

) (interface{}, error)
```

> That handler implementation needs to be added to the `router.go` with corresponding API endpoint and method. Also needs 
> to override the method if it should be proxied to the backend handler `RestProxyHandler` for request forwarding. Adding 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That handler implementation needs to be added to the `router.go` with corresponding API endpoint and method. If the data is not available on observers, an override the method is needed in the backend handler `RestProxyHandler` for request forwarding. Adding 
```
